# Conclusion

Ahead of the precinct caucuses currently scheduled for February 27, 2024, a bit of preparation can be done. 

Reflect on or find out the history of the most recent precinct caucus (in February 2, 2022) in your area. Which people were elected as BPOU delegates? Which went on to become state convention delegates? How about state central delegates? Remember, state central delegate elections occur in odd-numbered years, which means the next chance to change state central delegates is in Spring 2025. (Note: there is a delegate recall process which could be studied and used to recall state central delegates who voted in favor of keeping a Party Chair who has been shown no interest in resolving the Party's own infractions of election statutes.)

Are there candidates starting to send you emails or texts? Dig into these candidates. Does their record check out? Are they using a real name or a fake name? (Yes, this did occur in SD50.)

How connected are you with your neighbors? Are any of them showing dissatisfaction with the status quo? Would they be interested in having a say in the future of their community, municipality, and state? With obvious recommendations to be discerning, do not rule anyone out. There was a couple who I knew who had voted the Democrat ticket in 2016 who showed up in good faith to the 2022 precinct caucuses and became delegates. 

A local meeting or short series of phone calls with a few people can lead to a better understanding of your local landscape. With that knowledge at hand, one can decide if more numbers are needed. 

I don't see any reason why the precinct caucus shouldn't be the most attended of all time in Minnesota. What a great opportunity to talk about what has happened in recent years and to set a path for this political party in years to come.

By the grace of God, this short guide will have given you a few things to think about, and the kinds of questions to help you prepare. 

On the topic of preparation, for those, like me, who have read the current bipartisan legislation and orders which made President Trump not only a Wartime President, with Wartime Powers, but also *to this day* the Commander-in-Chief, I would love for all this preparation to be moot (from the perspective of disclosure of those worldwide operations with partner forces). It is part of the reason the acronym for the title and subtitle of this book is CIC TRUMP. 

But, either way, I believe we would do well to remember what our Commander-in-Chief said at his inauguration, that the power would be returned from Washington D.C. (the Federal Corporation being dismantled) to you and I, the people. No matter how the road ahead looks and feels, it is up to us to continue forging along that path, with heads held high, voices strong, and hearts set on the truth.

